# Veracrypt password checker

It's a bash script to bruteforce and unlock [VeraCrypt](https://www.veracrypt.fr/en/Home.html) (or TrueCrypt) volumes by checking passwords from a dictionary, modifying them and adding suffixes.

## Description
This only supports simple password protected volumes, no key files or anything fancy.

You need to prepare a `dict.txt` file with a list of passwords, one per line. The script will get each line, apply modifiers, add a suffix and try unlocking the volume with it. Successful passwords will be recorded to the `found-passwords.txt` file in the format below. The TrueCrypt volumes are checked a lot faster than the VeraCrypt volumes, your mileage will vary though.

```
Volume: /path/volume1.vc
Pass: My Password 123

Volume: /another/volume.vc
Pass: My Other Password !
```

## How To

`usage: ./run.sh [-t] [volume1] [volume-nth]`

`$ run.sh /path/volume1.vc /another/volume2.vc`

Bruteforce multiple volumes one after another. Optionally pass a `-t` argument to enable TrueCrypt compatibility mode ***for all volumes***.

If you run it without specifying the volumes, the script will generate the passwords file and exit. This could be a great help in generating a general password list for a different use too.

## Password Modifiers

Choose only those modifiers that make sense in your particular case.

```sh
MODIFIERS="{}
{NoSpaces}
{NoSpacesSentence}
{NoSpacesCapAll}
{NoSpacesLowerAll}
{Sentence}
{CapFirst}
{CapAll}
{LowerFirst}
{LowerAll}"
```

## Password Suffixes

Quite often passwords contain certain common suffixes. Here you can specify those that you want to try

```sh
SUFFIXES="!
@
..."
```

## What passwords are generated by default

With default modifiers and suffixes the script will produce the following password list for a single line `my pass` in `dict.txt`.

```
my pass!
my pass...
my pass@
mypass!
mypass...
mypass@
My pass!
My pass...
My pass@
Mypass!
Mypass...
Mypass@
My Pass!
My Pass...
My Pass@
MY PASS!
MY PASS...
MY PASS@
MYPASS!
MYPASS...
MYPASS@
```